Reviewer 8 of ICRA 2016 submission 2408

Comments to the author
======================

Summary
The authors present a probabilistic model of grasps for
underactuated robot hands. The model includes the final
equilibrium grasp and the trajectory leading to the grasp.
The authors learned three grasp types and evaluated the
method on a set of fifteen test objects.


Clarity
Although the paper is well written, the description of the
model can be quite confusing. Including additional
illustrations and simplifying the notation could make these
sections clearer.

The authors do not explain their design choices
sufficiently. Motivating the individual model components
could help readers to get a better understanding of the
model and clarify how the model is being modified
specifically for underactuated hands.

The final equilibrium grasp seems to depend on the initial
point cloud of the object, and the robot applies a penalty
for trajectories that collide with the object's point
cloud. The learned grasps therefore actively avoid push
grasps and other behaviors that would exploit the
environmental constraints. Underactuated hands often need
to exploit these constraints to compensate for their lack
of actuation. 

How precise does the trajectory need to be if the robot is
not moving the object?

The advantages of the method over previous methods need to
be explained in detail	in the related work. Why are
appearance-based approaches not suitable for grasping with
underactuated grasps? These methods learn the contacts
implicitly based on the shape of the object, and should
therefore complement underactuated hands. 

The authors mention multiple times that the approach works
with partial point clouds. However, most of the test grasps
were of objects with thin walls, where the occlusion issue
is minor, and the method does not seem to explicitly handle
occlusions. This claim is therefore misleading, and the
authors should avoid overstating it. 

"for the first time" - Are the authors claiming that this
is the first example of transferring grasps of an
underactuated hand, or the first time that their method has
been used for this setting?

The references should be updated to include some of the
more recent work on grasping, e.g.
Lenz et al., Deep Learning for Detecting Robotic Grasps,
IJRR 2014
Kroemer et al., Predicting Object Interactions from Contact
Distributions, IROS 2014
Bohg et al., Data-Driven Grasp Synthesis - A Survey, TRO
2014


Quality
The authors need to thoroughly evaluate their method and
compare it to existing methods. The only comparison is to
the authors' previous result, which did not perform
significantly worse despite being evaluated on a more
challenging object set. 

The authors mention several papers [1-4] that select grasps
based on local appearance. The authors should include a
comparison to such an approach. The authors' method also
uses a grasp simulation during learning. They should
compare to a simulation-based approach [11].

One of the contributions of the paper is to learn from
multiple training samples. The authors should explore more
than three grasp types. Is it necessary for an
underactuated hand to differentiate between a pinch and a
rim grasp? Should the hand not adapt to such minor
variations automatically? Would the method otherwise not
generalize between these two grasps?


Significance
Learning grasps for underactuated hands is an important and
challenging research topic. However, the authors have not
explained how the method is tailored for underactuated
hands and the method avoids exploiting environmental
constraints. The evaluations are also insufficient and need
to compare to other methods. Although the method has
potential, the paper is currently not suitable for
publication.